Change the Shopping Cart Sidebar field to the Mini Cart field (#1192)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/mini-cart.md

---

> title: Mini Cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Mini Cart
redirect_from:
  - /sales/cart-sidebar.html
```

---

> The Cart Sidebar is often called the _mini cart_ and displays a summary of the items in the cart. It is enabled by default and appears when you click the number of items in the Cart Link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mini cart displays a summary of items in the cart. It is enabled by default, and appears when you click the Cart link at the top of the page.
```

![The shopper displays the shopping cart sidebar from a product page]({% link images/images/storefront-mini-cart-watch.png %}){: .zoom}
_Mini Cart_

## Configure the mini cart

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Settings_ > **Configuration**.

1. In the left panel, expand **Sales** and choose **Checkout**.

> 1. Expand ![Expansion selector]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}) the **Mini Cart** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Expand ![Expansion selector]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}) the _Mini Cart_ section.
```

   ![]({% link images/images/config-sales-mini-cart.png %}){: .zoom}
   [_Configuring the mini cart_]({% link configuration/sales/checkout.md %})

1. If the setting is for a specific store view, [choose the store view]({% link configuration/scope-change.md %}) where the configuration applies.

   When prompted, click **OK** to continue.

1. Set **Display Mini Cart** to one of the following:

>    Yes|Displays the mini cart from store pages. The appearance of the sidebar depends upon the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Yes|Displays the mini cart on store pages. The appearance of the mini cart depends upon the theme.
```

>    Yes|Displays the mini cart from store pages. The appearance of the sidebar depends upon the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Yes|Displays the mini cart on store pages. The appearance of the sidebar depends upon the theme.
```

>    No|Disables display of the mini cart from store pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   No|Disables the display of the mini cart on store pages.
```
